Mansfield Classical Theatre Case Problem
Data Files needed for the Case Problem: 
- macbeth.jpg
- macbethtxt.htm
- macstyles.css
- modernizr-1.5.js 

Steve Karls is the director of Mansfield Classical Theatre, 
a theatre company for young people located in Mansfield, Ohio. 
This summer the company is planning to perform the Shakespeare 
play Macbeth. Steve wants to put the text of the play on the 
company’s Web site and has asked for your help in designing 
and completing the Web page. Steve wants a separate page for 
each scene from the play. A preview of the page you'll create
is located in the directory.Steve has already typed the text 
of the scene. He needs you to supply the HTML code.

Complete the following: 

1. 	Open the macbethtxt.htm file from the directory folder. 
	Save the file as macbeth.htm in the same folder. This 
	is so that you can have a backup of the file.

2. 	Enclose the entire Macbeth text within the structure of 
	an HTML document including the html, head, and body 
	elements. Add a doctype to the document head to indicate 
	that the page is written in HTML5.

3. 	Within the head section, insert a comment containing 
	the following text:
	----------------------------	Macbeth: Act I, Scene 1 
	Author: your name 
	Date: the date
	----------------------------4. 	Add the page title Macbeth: Act I, Scene 1.

5. 	Link the file to the modernizr-1.5.js script file
	and to the macstyles.css style sheet.	
	Set the character set to UTF-8.

6. 	Within the body element, insert a h1 and h2 heading.Within 
	the h1 heading, insert an inline image containing the 
	macbeth.jpg image file. Specify "Macbeth" as the alternate text. 
	Within the h2 heading, enter the text 
	----------------------------
	Presented by: Mansfield Classical Theatre.
	----------------------------

7. 	Enclose the text of the play within a section element.

8. 	Mark the text ACT I as an h2 heading. Mark 
	SCENE 1 as an h3 heading. Group the	two headings 
	within an hgroup element.

9. 	Mark the summary of the scene as a paragraph. 
	Mark the word Summary using the strong element.

10. 	In the text of the play, mark the descriptions of 
	setting, scene, and exits as separate paragraphs and italicize 
	the text using the <em> element, as shown in the preview image.

11. 	Mark the dialog as a description list, with each character’s 
	name marked as a description term and each speech marked 
	as a description. When a speech includes two lines, add a 
	line break at the end of the first line to keep the speech 
	on separate lines, as shown in the example.

12. 	Directly below the paragraph containing the text Exeunt, 
	insert the line Go to Scene 2. Mark this line as a div element 
	with the id value direction. At the end of this line, insert a 
	right arrow character using the 8658 character number. 
	Add horizontal rules <hr /> directly above and below this statement.

13. 	Mark the line Text provided by Online Shakespeare as a footer. 
	Make sure the footer element is below the section element.
14. 	Save your changes to the file, and then confirm the layout 
	and content of the page in your Web browser.

15. 	Zip the folder you are working in and submit your compressed file.













